capital = 368

oob="XTN"
recruit_character = XTN_tennessee_council
recruit_character = XTN_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = XTN_benjamin_tucker
recruit_character = XTN_jim_morrison
recruit_character = XTN_WJS

recruit_character = XTN_jacob_austin
recruit_character = XTN_konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = XTN_rule_of_citizens
recruit_character = XTN_rule_of_citizens_3
recruit_character = XTN_rule_of_citizens_2
recruit_character = XTN_holly_collins
recruit_character = XTN_kate_cox
recruit_character = XTN_jake_poole
recruit_character = XTN_joel_reynolds
recruit_character = XTN_freddie_knight
recruit_character = XTN_ashton_johnson
recruit_character = XTN_tyson_moody
recruit_character = XTN_spencer_macdonald

##### additionals

recruit_character = XTN_ernst_hell
recruit_character = XTN_addis_molla
recruit_character = XTN_haile_selassie
recruit_character = XTN_supreme_soviet
recruit_character = XTN_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = XTN_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = XTN_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = XTN_union_of_egoists
recruit_character = XTN_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = XTN_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = XTN_jozef_haller
recruit_character = XTN_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = XTN_vyacheslav_molotov

add_ideas = {

XTN_immigration
closed_economy
disarmed_nation
XTN_inteligensia_influence
XTN_no_army
XTN_minor_depression
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 15
	democratic = 76
	communism = 9
	fascism = 0
}



set_technology = { 
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
